README.md, before:

# IntermediateArduino
Intermediate arduino assignments. This is coding, wiring, and any complications of each 

## Attach Interrupt
### Description
I used Photointerrupters w/out if statements. Instead, I used an on function and off function. That when the interrupter gets something in the way, it is off and turns on the light, and vice versa. We used an Attach interrupt code that states that when something gets in the way, the code reacts.

### Wiring

### Invaluable information
AKa what obstacles did you overcome, what tips would you give the reader, etc?



## FadeLED
### Description
I made the brightness of a light fade high to low, and then low to high. 
### Wiring
<img src="Media/LEDFade.PNG" width="200">
* I got this from [Dr. Shields](https://github.com/DoctorShields/CircuitPython)
### Invaluable information
Made an LED Fade




## HelloLCD
### Description

### Wiring
<img src = "Media/LCDBack1.JPG" width="200">
<img src = "Media/LCDBack2.JPG" width="200">
### Invaluable information
Prints "Hello World" and counts the seconds since it was run on an LCD monitor





## LCDBackpack
### Description

### Wiring

### Invaluable information
Simplifies the wiring of an LCD. It counts how many times a button is pressed and displays it on the LCD.






## Motor Control
### Description

### Wiring
<img src = "Media/MotorControl1.JPG" width="200">
<img src = "Media/MotorControl2.JPG" width="200">
### Invaluable information
Makes a motor go faster or slower with a potentiometer.






## Photointerrupters
### Description

### Wiring
<img src="media/photinterupterpic.png" width="300px" />
### Invaluable information
Made a photointerrupter work w/ if statements




## Potentiometer
### Description

### Wiring
<img src = "Media/Potentiometer.JPG" width="200">
### Invaluable information
An LCD prints the inputs on a potentiometer.

Commit message:

Changed invaluable info to problme sand solutions, credited Miller

README.md, after:

# IntermediateArduino
Intermediate arduino assignments. This is coding, wiring, and any complications of each 

## Attach Interrupt
### Description
I used Photointerrupters w/out if statements. Instead, I used an on function and off function. That when the interrupter gets something in the way, it is off and turns on the light, and vice versa. We used an Attach interrupt code that states that when something gets in the way, the code reacts.

### Wiring

### Problems and Solutions
AKa what obstacles did you overcome, what tips would you give the reader, etc?



## FadeLED
### Description
I made the brightness of a light fade high to low, and then low to high. 
### Wiring
<img src="Media/LEDFade.PNG" width="200">
* I got this from [Dr. Shields](https://github.com/DoctorShields/CircuitPython)
### Problems and Solutions





## HelloLCD
### Description
The goal was to use an LCD instead of a serial monitor. On one line in the LCD, I printed "Hello World", and on the second line, the LCD counted up the seconds since it started running. 
### Wiring
<img src="Media/LCD.jpg" width="300px" />
* Credit goes to [Lukas Miller](https://github.com/lmiller87/CircuitPython)
### Problems and Solutions
The main problems I had was wiring everything up. 





## LCDBackpack
### Description

### Wiring
<img src = "Media/LCDBack1.JPG" width="200">
<img src = "Media/LCDBack2.JPG" width="200">
### Problems and Solutions
Simplifies the wiring of an LCD. It counts how many times a button is pressed and displays it on the LCD.






## Motor Control
### Description

### Wiring
<img src = "Media/MotorControl1.JPG" width="200">
<img src = "Media/MotorControl2.JPG" width="200">
### Problems and Solutions
Makes a motor go faster or slower with a potentiometer.






## Photointerrupters
### Description

### Wiring
<img src="media/photinterupterpic.png" width="300px" />
### Problems and Solutions
Made a photointerrupter work w/ if statements




## Potentiometer
### Description

### Wiring
<img src = "Media/Potentiometer.JPG" width="200">
### Problems and Solutions
An LCD prints the inputs on a potentiometer.
